Terrace gardening 
1. Why terrace grading ?
2. Tips to set up ,
3. Types of containers and media and their availability 
4. How to maintain Ph and EC of media and water.
5. Types of fertilizers. how and when to apply .
6. Different types of seeds and their availability .
7. How to regulate Light and Shade .
8. Callender of Sowing of different types of vegetables .
9. How to pollinate .
10. Pesti and disseises  how to control them.
11. How and when to Harvest. 

Vertical Gardening Consultation
1. How to setup VG both for Home and Commercial
2. Types of VG ,Media types 
3. What crops to grow based on seasons 
4. Different Irrigation types including Wick Irrigation 
5. Fertigation 
6. Pest and Disease and control 
7. Light and shade management.
8. Where to market 

Hydroponics Design & Guidance
1. Different designs of hydroponics , Aeroponics , Cacophonous , and Aquaponics 
2. How to set up bothn for home and commertial.
3. What crops to grow based on seasons 
4. Different Irrigation types including Wick Irrigation 
5. Fertigation 
6. Pest and Disease and control 
7. Light and shade management.
8. Where to market 

Polyhouse flower and vegetables Cultivation
1.setting up of natural and fan and pad system of polyhouses. Including project preparation for bank loans.
2. Completely automated system for fertigation, PH and EC for entire crop cycle.
3 growing of capsicum, beans , rose, gerbera, carnation, lily, Gyposophilla, hydrangea, chrysanthemum and any other tailor made crops .
3. control of pest and diseases.
4.Light and shade management.
5. soil and Soilless cultivation .
6.maket intelligence across nation .
7.subcide claims from gov .
8.cold storage set ups.

Orchard Development Plan (fruit garden)
1.setting up of fruit , plantation crops and spice crop orchards  on climate ,soil ,water, and location .
2.complets Good Agricultural Practices with End to end Solutions .
3.  cultivation orchards by natural farming ,  organic and inorganic methods 
4. Fruit crops like banana , mango , guava ,sapota , lichi, avocado , jamun , jackfruit, dragon fruit , papaya ,and under utilized fruits  plantation crops like coconut , arecanut .spice crop like pepper and  cardamum, commercial crops like – tea and coffee .  
5.Uses of Drone with Advanced AI Technologies for good maintenance .
6.  licencing and production of bio fertilizers and bio pesticides.
Pest & Disease Control Advisory
1. Pest and devices controls for existing orchards trough organic and inorganic methods .
2. Safe food production  trough biological control .
3. Quarantine advisory for export .
4. Production of bio-pesticides .
5. Licencing of bio pesticides from ICAR and Agri-universities .
 
vegetables and flowers production.
1. Production of different vegetables like :- tomato , capsicum , chillis , gourds , beans , ladyfinger ,carrots ,cabbage and broccoli and all types of leafy vegetables both imagining and organic way . 
2. Production of different flowers like : roses , tuberose, chrysanthemum, dahlia, crossAndra , Jasmin , champak and many other crops including foliage Ornamental crops .
3. End to end solution starting from sowing to harvesting .

Tissue culture: 
1 . complete project on setting up  of lab and hardening units from 1 million to 10 million plant production unit for crops like : banana , pineapple , strawberry , blueberry , gerbera , orchids ,anthurium , and foliage ornamentals .
2.project preparation for loan from nationalised banks.
3.Advisory subsidy claims from the gov.
4.market intelligence for marking of exagar and hardened plants.
5. setting up of bio reactor production of planting materials  like: banana , 
6.custom made R&D projects on any crops .
 
Mushroom productions 
1.setting up of home scale  to commercial scale production of indigenous mushrooms .
2. Designing of spawn machinery and establishment if energy efficient mechanized spawn productions.
3. productions of value added products from mushrooms .
4.empouring of Women trough ready to fruit bags and provide support for NGO’s .
5.  productions of iron, calcium and vitamin D enriched mushrooms  fortified mushrooms .

Testing of bio stimulants / pesticides / PGPRS / any new Agri products in farmers fields with relevant scientific data 
1. Designing and implementing field trials as per ICAR / CIB & RC / OECD guidelines.
2. Testing under real farming conditions across multiple locations and crops.
3. Comparative trials against control and standard treatments.
4. Yield and quality assessment before and after application.
5. Performance analysis across different agro-climatic zones.
6. Tailor-made protocols depending on crop stage, dosage, and application method.
7. Detailed scientific reports with visual documentation .
facilitating processing & value addition
Facilitate Processing
We connect farmers with processing units, food technologists, and packaging facilities to transform fresh produce into products like:
* Jams, jellies, and preserves
* Pickles, sauces, and chutneys
* Dehydrated fruits & vegetables
* Ready-to-eat snacks & beverages

Service call flow : 
Get the users info – send to the ceo  email-> 
